Various updates (#21)
six7/figma-tokens-docs: pages/themes/themes-pro.en.mdx

# Themes-Pro 

> If you are a pro user, you have access to the pro `Theme` feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are on a Pro plan, you have access to the `Theme` feature.
```
